slam the door behind you closes shut
and the key turns in the lock someone
pushed you in the back and you fall
head first on the floor it's dark
something's covering your head
you realize your hands are finally
untied so you carefully take that thing
off
what the you throw the sack away and
look around astonished
it's your apartment someone grabbed you
put a sack on your head
drove you for the better part of an hour
took away your smartphone and then
threw you back in your home you get up
and notice a small piece of paper on the
floor next to the door
you pick it up unfold it and read the
words written on it
365 days then you're free
chilled inside you grab the door handle
but it's stuck
you check the windows next but they have
shutters a new addition
well let's investigate what it's all
about
day two turns out you have a fridge full
of food for a week
and access to the internet but can't
reach out to anyone except with text
messages
even worse everybody thinks you've gone
to another country
and even your boss allowed you to work
remotely your messages asking for help
transform as soon as you send them so
you can't tell
anyone the truth you're on your own now
and a feeling of despair starts to gnaw
on you
day seven you're in the hall looking at
the front door
frozen in terror there are two bags of
groceries big enough to keep you going
for a week right in front of you
someone must have come at night and left
them there's a note too
saying 358 days shaken
you take the bags to the kitchen and
start unloading them into the fridge
the first week of your isolation wasn't
bad at all though
previously your life was divided into
good old 9 to 5
and weekends and you were stuck in the
routine just like so many others
now you've built your own schedule and
enjoy it
no more early commuting to the office
and late coming back
you sleep more and sleep better too
because you're not worried about being
late
you can turn on your laptop just as soon
as you open your eyes in the morning
and pretend you've been busy if you're
actually late
what bothers you just a little bit is a
lack of human interaction
luckily you've never been much into
parties and stuff so
music and podcasts help cope with the
absence of live human voices
day 30 someone keeps coming every week
during the night
leaving food for the next week he wanted
to catch them and stayed up two nights
in a row once
but no one came yet once you gave up and
fell asleep
you found the bags in the morning as
usual
meanwhile the new daily routine starts
to get at your nerves
you can't go outside and stretch your
legs properly so you tested your captors
and ordered a treadmill online
it came during one of the weekends at
night with a bag of groceries
figures but the worst is your inability
to talk with anyone
okay you're an introvert but even you
need some live communication once in a
while
begin feeling really lonely
day 60 after two months of total
isolation
you started talking to yourself there
are still
online chats but they don't feel like
you're talking to real people anymore
being cut off from the world you're more
stressed out than ever
every little trouble seems huge and
makes you either depressed
or angry you've also gained some weight
under this much stress you needed
something to let off the steam
and started eating more favoring sweets
and snacks
your captors don't seem to mind your
diet either when you're running low on
food
you get new bags even if it's not time
yet
to let your mind off the budding
depression you've been thinking of a way
to catch them when they come next
you've laid an elaborate trap at the
front door a contraption you didn't even
think you were capable of making
now all you have to do is wait for
guests
day 63 the trap was genius
but it ultimately failed somehow your
captors still came in without being
caught
and what's more they carefully
dismantled the whole thing
and neatly put all of its parts in their
places in your home
what snobs you left them a note saying
please clean the apartment next time
day 70. they did
day 90. whatever you felt up to this
moment
has gotten much worse you've been trying
to cope with depression and stress with
food music yoga running on your
treadmill
movies and video games but the initial
excitement of every new activity
leaves you very quickly you sleep a lot
but still wake up groggy
as if you didn't just take a 12 hour nap
when you're awake nothing interests you
anymore
you do your daily job automatically
chatting with colleagues and the boss
without any inspiration
and the last time you wrote to your
friends or family was two weeks ago
you just can't think of anything to talk
to them about
one thing that actually entertained you
a bit was asking your captors to clean
your windows in another note
you were pretty sure they would and they
did
but they also left a note it said
cleaning in your bedroom was awkward
mind moving your bed away from the
window next time
day 180 you don't know when
it happened but you somehow lost
interest in everything
even yourself you stopped combing your
hair and grew a shaggy beard
pieces of food get stuck in it when you
eat but you don't care
you walk around the apartment in your
pajamas and don't remember when you last
changed them worse you don't even enjoy
food anymore
you just drink your morning joe when you
get up but you don't remember why
good news you've lost weight bad news
you often forget to eat during the day
at all
and you keep getting thinner those bags
under your eyes are notable too
you're almost always sleepy yet sleep
just won't
come more often than not you lie in bed
tossing and turning for hours only to
get up and back to work
even at night but your productivity
levels are at their lowest anyway
you can't focus and often blankly stare
at the screen
good thing your job doesn't require a
lot of creativity
day 240 you've completely lost track of
time
since you've been trapped inside your
home the date on your laptop says it's
been eight months
but weeks pass is one long never ending
day
your condition got even worse you can't
sleep in your bed now
as soon as you lie down your body starts
aching all over
whatever position you take with your
lack of healthy nights you start getting
episodes of micro
sleep you just zone out for a few
seconds and then wake up with a
jolt once or twice you caught yourself
right before sending an email that you
didn't remember typing at all
the text in it was complete gibberish
something you dreamed of no doubt
today you looked in the mirror and
didn't recognize yourself you were
looking at a stooped guy
thin as a stick with an unkempt beard
and hair
and an unhealthy power the eyes were the
worst though
dark and lifeless you turned away fast
date 270 you're working after another
sleepless night when you hear the key
turning in the front door's locked
this never happened before and a long
forgotten feeling of
excitement springs up in your chest you
get up from the chair and walk to the
hall
part suddenly racing a nicely looking
woman in a suit with a case is standing
there taking off her shoes
you look at her with your jaw dropped
she's the first
live person you've seen in almost a year
you croak hello and it feels coarse in
your throat for the lack of
practice the woman nods and invites you
to the living room
you both sit opposite each other and she
produces a photo from her inside pocket
when you see it everything rushes back
to you
ten months ago you met with financial
troubles and were seeking a way to pay
your bills
you came upon a flyer that said a group
of scientists were looking for
volunteers to participate in a social
experiment
the pay was good so you immediately
applied and were deemed eligible
the experiment involved a year of
complete isolation from other people
apart from texting you were also to lose
all memory of the arrangement
you were supposed to think it was all
not your own idea for the stress
to be real but now dr willard
that was the woman's name decided to end
the experiment prematurely
because of your worsening psychological
condition
bill spent the remaining three months
getting back to your normal life
under constant supervision by doctors
with that
the woman takes out a hefty envelope
from her suitcase and hands it to you
you open it and see a thick block of
money inside
your pay says dr willard
you absolutely deserve it